=== Release Notes ===

=== RELEASE NOTES FOR VERSION 0.2 ===

*** Double Click in Item Views ***

Under KDE 4.4, Skulpture respects the system setting for the double click
mode from KDE.  For older versions, you have to set the mode manually in
~/.config/SkulptureStyle.ini:

    [%General]
    UseSingleClickToActivateItems=false


*** KWin Important Change ***

Starting with version 0.2.4, the Skulpture KWin window decoration defaults
to painting "on screen", because the previous method could cause problems,
depending on the KWin version.  If you do not use compositing, or if you
otherwise experience performance or rendering regressions, you can enable
the old method by using this option in ~/.kde/share/config/kwinskulpturerc:

    [General]
    PaintOnScreen=false


*** Disabling Shadows ***

Skulpture features rendering of real shadows inside sunken views.  For views
that are usually full-screen, such as Konsole, KWrite, or Konqueror, the
shadows can degrade scrolling performance.  To disable shadows in those
views, use the following option in ~/.config/SkulptureStyle.ini:

    [%General]
    ExpensiveShadows=false


*** Slider Sizes ***

Due to changes in version 0.2.1, you will have to reconfigure slider sizes.
Changing the scroll bar length only affects the minimum length the slider is
going to have; it will usually be larger as its size grows proportionally to
the amount of data visible.


*** Skulpture Requires Qt 4.4 on KDE ***

If you want to build Skulpture with the KDE configuration dialog and window
decoration, you need Qt 4.4 or newer. The installation script does not check
this; you will just get a compilation error, if you want to compile with an
older version.


*** KDE Color Schemes ***

When running under KDE, Skulpture respects more colors from the KDE system
settings.  You may need to change the "Alternate Background" or other colors,
as previous versions of Skulpture ignored some of them.

You can force using the Window colors for disabled widgets using the "Make
disabled widgets transparent" option.


*** Vertical Text Shift ***

Setting an odd value for the text shift (-3, -1, +1, +3, etc.) results in
widgets that are one pixel larger compared to even text shift values. This
is intentional.


*** Layout Properties ***

Skulpture allows configuring several layout attributes, such as element
dimensions and spacing between elements.  Not all applications query these
values from the style, so with some applications you might not get the
desired effect.  Please report this to the developers of the application in
question.

You can set a global strut (e.g. 12 pixels) with qtconfig to get usable spin
box controls with very small widgets.


*** Password Character ***

You can specifiy multiple password characters; the first one that is part of
the widget font is used.  Under KDE, use the KCharSelect program to find
a suitable character.


*** Settings Preview ***

You can place the preview in a different position using the following option
in ~/.config/SkulptureStyle.ini:

    [ConfigDialog]
    PreviewPosition={Top | Bottom | Left | Right | InTab | Hidden | Auto}

Starting with KDE 4.1, a bug in "System Settings" prevents the dialog from
using alien widgets, resulting in annoying flicker.  To work around this
problem, please use "kcmshell4 style" instead of "systemsettings".


=== RELEASE NOTES FOR VERSION 0.1 ===

*** KWin Buttons ***

The Skulpture KWin window decoration now supports more buttons.  KDE may add
a "sticky" button, which pins a window so that it is visible on all screens.
If you want to remove that button, you can configure the buttons with the
"System Settings" application.


*** Skulpture Color Schemes ***

This version of Skulpture comes with experimental KDE 4 color schemes.  The
"vanilla" flavour is considered the default color scheme, although Skulpture
should work with other color schemes, too.  Any feedback is appreciated.


*** Title Bar Colors ***

The Skulpture window decorations (KWin and MDI) now respect the colors from
KDE System Settings.  If you prefer a dark title bar as in Skulpture 0.0.4,
you have to change the window title bar colors accordingly.  You must select
"Apply Colors to non-KDE Applications" for this to work for MDI colors, too.


*** Settings Preview ***

There is now a preview area in the style configuration page, so that you can
see the effect of each option immediately.  Known issues:

 * The window decoration colors in the preview do not reflect the colors KDE
    uses for its windows; they reflect the MDI window title bar coloring.
    See section above for title bar colors.

 * Whenever a setting is changed, a temporary file is updated on disk.

 * Updating the preview, when a setting is changed, may cause some flicker.

 * For the current range of available options, the preview is too excessive.
    Expect more options in future versions.


